test(authorizations): 349 integration tests of authorization flow (#39)
mojaloop/thirdparty-scheme-adapter: README.md

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Modify the hosts to setup local DNS for Redis
   ```bash
   127.0.0.1 redis
   ```

> 4. Start Redis container through docker-compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start Redis container through docker-compose in a separate terminal
```

  `Outbound API` service is used by `Thirdparty backend` to make a call to `Mojaloop Switch`  
  Its responsibility is to transform asynchronous Mojaloop API native interface's set of calls to a synchronous call.

## Integration Test

>    To run integration tests, first start `docker-compose` inside `docker` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To run integration tests, first start `docker-compose` in a separate terminal window
```

   ```bash

>    cd docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
no need to go into `docker` folder
